Exception handler - Okta, AWS IAM (#29063)
demisto/content: Packs/Okta/ReleaseNotes/3_1_27.md

#### Integrations

##### Okta v2

> - Fixed an issue where the **okta-get-user** command raised an exception when a user was not found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***okta-get-user*** command returned an error when a user was not found.
```
